Installation Doc Updates (#6395)
knative/docs: docs/client/install-kn.md

function: how-to
---

# Installing CLI Tools

You can use two CLI tools sets for Knative:

- Knative CLI - `kn`
- Kubernetes CLI - `kubectl`

> The `kn` CLI makes Knative operations easier, but all functionality is available in `kubectl` wh.  if you want to handle more YAML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `kn` CLI makes Knative operations easier, but all functionality is available via `kubectl` if you want to primarily use YAML representations of resources.
```

## Install Kubernetes CLI

Install the [Kubernetes CLI (`kubectl`)](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl){target=_blank} to run commands against Kubernetes clusters. You can use `kubectl` to deploy applications, inspect and manage cluster resources, and view logs.

> --8<-- "security-prereqs-binaries.md"

Author: Good - this was legacy

function: how-to
---

# Installing CLI Tools

There are three CLI tools available for managing Knative:

- Kubernetes CLI - `kubectl`
- Knative CLI - `kn`

> - Knative Operator CLI - `kn`

Reviewer: The operator is part of the Knative CLI, but is primarily focused on administrators who have whole-cluster control.  I think this documentation should be focused on developers, and we should leave out the operator bits.

> The `kn` CLI makes Knative operations easier, but all functionality is available in `kubectl` CLI provided you want to primarily use YAML representations of resources. The Knative Operator CLI facilitates installing the Knative Operator and the Serving and Eventing components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `kn` CLI makes Knative operations easier, but all functionality is available in `kubectl` CLI provided you want to primarily use YAML representations of resources.
```

- [Linux](https://storage.googleapis.com/knative-nightly/client/latest/kn-linux-amd64){target=_blank}
- [Windows](https://storage.googleapis.com/knative-nightly/client/latest/kn-windows-amd64.exe){target=_blank}

### Using kn with Tekton

See the [Tekton documentation](http://hub.tekton.dev/tekton/task/kn){target=_blank}.

> ## Install the Knative Operator CLI Plugin

Reviewer: I'm okay with leaving a note here (though it seems odd that we mention the administrator-focused operator plugin but not the developer-focused `func` plugin), but this section should make it clear that the operator subcommands are mostly useful for cluster administrators, rather than average developers.
